Script started on 2019-01-25 19:53:57-1000
]0;kahlin@casca: ~/451/program1[01;32mkahlin@casca[00m:[01;34m~/451/program1[00m$ java Client 25000
Client has been started at port: 25000
Receiving File...

LORD OF THE RINGS: THE FELLOWSHIP OF THE RINGS
A TRANSCRIPT
transcribed by Elisabeth Kerrigan
Originally Posted at The Unofficial Lord of the Rings Movie Site
Reformated into Script-like format by AWESOME


GALADRIEL (V.O.)
The world is changed. I feel it in the water.
I feel it in the earth. I smell it in the air.
Much that once was is lost, for none now live
who remember it.

It began with the forging of the Rings of
Power. Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
wisest and fairest of all beings. Seven were
given to the Dwarves, great miners and
craftsmen of the mountain halls. And nine, nine
rings were gifted to the race of Men, who above
all else desire power. For within these rings
was bound the power and the will to rule each
race. But they were all of them deceived, for
deep in the land of Mordor, the Dark Lord
Sauron forged another ring, a master ring, and
into this ring he poured all his cruelty, his
malice and his will to dominate every living
thing. One ring to rule them all. One by one,
the free peoples of Middle Earth fell to the
power of the Ring, but there were some who
resisted. A last alliance of men and elves
marched against the armies of Mordor, and on
the very slopes of Mount Doom, they fought for
the freedom of Middle-Earth. Victory was near,
but the power of the ring could not be undone.

SAURON appears, crushing a dozen MEN with each blow of his
huge mace.

GALADRIEL (V.O.)
It was in this moment, when all hope had
faded, that Isildur, son of the king, took up
his father's sword.

ISILDUR picks up sword, SAURON breaks it, but ISILDUR uses
the broken blade to cut off SAURON'S fingers, and the RING.


GALADRIEL (V.O.)
And Sauron, enemy of the free peoples of
Middle-Earth, was defeated. The Ring passed to
Isildur, who had this one chance to destroy
evil forever, but the hearts of men are easily
corrupted. And the ring of power has a will of
its own. It betrayed Isildur, to his death.

ISILDUR attacked by goblins, dies in the river, and the
RING is lost in the water.

GALADRIEL (V.O.)
And some things that should not have been
forgotten were lost. History became legend.
Legend became myth. For two and a half thousand
years, the ring passed out of all knowledge.
Until, when chance came, the ring ensnared
another bearer.

GOLLUM finds the RING in the riverbed.

GOLLUM
My Precious, my own.

GALADRIEL (V.O.)
The ring came to the creature Gollum, who took
it deep into the tunnels under the Misty
Mountains, and there it consumed him.

GOLLUM
It came to me, my own, my love, my Precious.

GALADRIEL (V.O.)
The ring gave to Gollum unnatural long life.
For five hundred years it poisoned his mind,
and in the gloom of Gollum's cave it waited.
Darkness crept back into the forests of the
world. Rumor grew of a shadow in the East,
whispers of a nameless fear, and the Ring of
Power perceived that its time had come. It
abandoned Gollum, but then something happened
that the Ring did not intend. It was picked up
by the most unlikely creature imaginable. A
hobbit, Bilbo Baggins, of the Shire.

BILBO
What's this? A Ring!

GOLLUM
Lost! My Precious is lost!

GALADRIEL (V.O.)
For the time will soon come when hobbits will
shape the fortunes of all.



Shire 60 years later



FRODO reading a book under a tree, hears GANDALF approach
singing. Runs to meet him.

FRODO
You're late.

GANDALF
A wizard is never late, Frodo Baggins, nor is
he early. He arrives precisely when he means
to.

They both try to keep a straight face, and fail. FRODO
throws himself into GANDALF'S arms for a hug.

FRODO
It's wonderful to see you again, Gandalf.

GANDALF
You didn't think I'd miss your Uncle Bilbo's
birthday.

FRODO
What's new in the world? Tell me everything.

GANDALF
Haven't we grown curious? Most unnatural for a
hobbit. What can I tell you? Life in the wide
world goes on, much as it has this past age,
full of its own comings and goings, scarcely
aware of the existence of hobbits. For which I
am very grateful.

They pass a field where tents and a banner are being set
up.

GANDALF
Ah, the long-expected party. How is the old
rascal? I understand this is to be a party of
special magnificence.

FRODO
You know Bilbo. He has the whole place in an
uproar.

GANDALF
Well, that should please him.

FRODO
Half the Shire's been invited. He's up to
something.

GANDALF
Indeed?

FRODO
All right, keep your secrets. Before you came
along, we Bagginses were very well thought of.
Never had any adventures or did anything
unexpected.

GANDALF
If you're referring to that incident with the
dragon, I was barely involved. I only gave your
uncle a little nudge out the door.

FRODO
Whatever you did, you have been officially
labeled a disturber of the peace.

A group of HOBBIT children see GANDALF and come running.

CHILDREN
Gandalf, Gandalf! Fireworks, Gandalf!

GANDALF pretends he won't, but he sets off a butterfly
firework for them. An old grandmother's smile at the
children's delight turns to a more socially acceptable
frown when an annoyed mother becomes witness.

FRODO
Gandalf, I'm glad you're back.

FRODO jumps off the wagon.

GANDALF
So am I, dear boy, so am I.



GANDALF stops his wagon in front of Bag End, passes a sign
'No Admittance Except on Party Business', knocks on the
door with his staff. A disgruntled voice comes from within.

BILBO
No thank you! We don't want any more well-
wishers, visitors, or distant relations!

GANDALF
How about very old friends?

BILBO
Gandalf?

GANDALF
Bilbo Baggins!

BILBO
My dear Gandalf!

GANDALF
One hundred and eleven years old! Who would
believe it? You haven't aged a day.

BILBO
Come in, come in, welcome, would you like some
tea? Or perhaps something stronger. I still
have some of the Old Winyards left. 1296, a
very good year! Almost as old as I am! My
Father put it down. What say we open one?

BILBO puts GANDALF'S hat and staff away.

File received.
Closing connection.
]0;kahlin@casca: ~/451/program1[01;32mkahlin@casca[00m:[01;34m~/451/program1[00m$ exit
exit

Script done on 2019-01-25 19:54:07-1000
